So the next section of the listing that's worth discussing is the house rules section the house rules
section is where you list off anything that you want someone to know that they can or cannot do before
they even book they see it actually on the front page of the book.
This isn't something that they see afterwards.
There's a separate section where you list off information and more rules that get sent to the person
who books after they book.
But this isn't that section.
House rules is displayed prominently so no person who's interested in booking can essentially ignore
it.
There's not a ton to say about house rules.
They're pretty obvious.
My opinion is that you do not need to be too explicit.
There's a lot of things that are just assumed that you cannot do in someone else's space.
I think also it's worth noting that for the most part and I hosted over a hundred different groups now
I've never had an issue where someone was doing something that I explicitly said no.
For the most part they're on their best behavior.
They're not going to bring in too much trouble if you are particular about noise that might be the place
to list it.
Do you have if you're doing a shared space they might be more home rules or house rules if you work
in your space.
You might consider putting limitations on when are quiet times.
You know if you're running out multiple spaces too then you might want to say that.
Please be quiet after 10 p.m. or something of that sort.
Other than that there are pretty basic things you might think about including no guests is one way of
something that some people take have problems with.
They don't really want you to bring your friends back.
In most cases guests always ask beforehand whether or not they can have someone come and visit.
They always say up front or you know because of the context of why they're visiting they're coming to
visit their parents and their parents are going to come over.
So it's never really out of the blue and they're usually pretty good about it occasionally you get some
people who are a little I guess maybe more airheaded about it.
They fail to mention or their communication is a little bit more poor than other guests.
Smoking Sara mentioned that you don't need to list it because everybody knows you shouldn't smoke in
someone's house for the most part.
Yeah that is true.
I've never seen any listing that says you can smoke in their apartment.
It just wouldn't really make sense because if you smoked in your apartment and you went to illicit on
Airbnb you might have a problem because you know when you run a hotel it almost got to the point or
they don't ask smoking nonsmoking it's just nonsmoking now.
Cigarettes have a tendency to make this a musky kind of smell.
You can never really get rid of and if you have smokers coming they're not going to care.
But you know people who don't you know you're on the on you know the risk of offending them or them
finding problems with it.
That's also something that you might get used to because you have olfactory the sensation or you stop
noticing odors and then someone else will notice it and that's really not something that you can prepare
for.
So the only time I think you mentioned no smoking or you need to mention that you can always mention
it such like in the case of my listing I listed no smoking indoors but you can smoke outdoors.
We have a back patio.
I don't care if you smoke outdoors.
It doesn't really make a difference.
I don't care if you smoke out in front either because that's public space.
My best advice here is if it's an assumed no no you don't really need to list it.
If you are missing a space you're really concerned with party.
Like people come and party you can list that.
But it's also kind of in a lot of cases and in say my apartment it's really assumed you're paying that
much for a space.
The odds of you throwing parties are just it's not going to happen.
You don't even need to really list out like no events.
That's pretty obvious too.
They would tell you beforehand if they had an event the one thing you do want to avoid with house rules
is listing too much.
In one case I saw one host who licit off 25 itemized things you cannot do everything else that Lessing
looked fine but after reading that I just said this person must be completely neurotic.
Some of these things are just like they're trying to control my behavior way too much.
Have any plans on breaking you know three quarters of them.
But it just didn't make sense why you need to list out some of these things.
I'm not planning on doing heroin in your bathroom you don't need to list no hard drugs that kind of
is assumed.
That's something that you want to generally avoid or you know just generally avoid making long lists
of listing every single possible thing.
The better way of preventing these infractions would be to be more picky about who you host.
Have some kind of basic criteria for who you're screening and you can always reject people who are looking
to book.
You know people were inquiring if you get some kind of a negative feeling or negative vibe from them.
That is pretty much as simple as it gets.
If there is some essential things in there that you think are really important if your space doesn't
allow animals you can set say no animals.
That's very helpful because some people will not read it if you say it in the description or you list
it on the amenities.
Some people aren't going to cook them more but and unfold the amenities list and see that you said no
pets.
They'll just bring it.
It's very helpful to list out what your checkout time is at first.
I don't really expect you to have a set checkout time because you don't know what works.
And also at first you're not probably not going to back to back bookings so it's not particularly important
that you coordinate their check ins and check outs that closely.
But eventually it will help immensely if you you're running out your entire space and you're doing it
for say like a full month that people know in advance that they need to be out by 11:00 in by say two
and that gives you a window to clean.
You can specifically mention things like cleanliness thing or anything else you can think of.
My inclination is to list less and be pickier about who I pick.
Because if you list too much and you're trying to list out every single possible contingency situation
it actually can backfire and actually can make your listing look less appealing.
These are my questions.
Any exceptions you can think of.
Maybe there's something you on a list and you're not sure if it's over the top posted in the group discussion
we can talk about it.
Otherwise we'll see in the next lecture.